Mouth full of dust, I swallow it down.
Same cracked mirror in a different town.
Wrote my name with a paint peel fan.
Watched it fade like it never had been.
I kept the noise where I couldn't get out.
Buried it deep under muscle and doubt.
Every word I should have said sits like a wire inside my chest.
Twist and pull, feels nothing left.
Self-proclaimed prophet and God.
Spitting sermons I never bought.
Face in the dirt, teeth in the mud.
Swore I was clean, I'm covered in it.
Hands in my pockets, I circle the block.
Counting the cracks in the sidewalk chalk.
Voices I buried start leaking through.
Sound like a younger unbroken you.
I hear him call, but I don't turn back.
Just drag his name through the gravel track.
Every step I try to fake.
Grinds that echo back awake.
Pulls me under.
I can't help but run.
Self-proclaimed prophet and God.
Spitting sermons I never bought.
Face in the dirt, teeth in the mud.
Swore I was clean, I'm covered in it.
No one owns the blood I bled.
No one wears the crown I shed.
If I could see what I became, I'd choke it out.
I'd say the name.
Say the name.
The shame within.
Self-proclaimed.
Profit in God.
Spending summons I never bought.
Face in the dirt.
Teeth in the mud.
Swore I was clean.
I'm covered in it.
Say the name.
Let it in.
Drag it up from under skin.
Say the name.
Don't pretend.
You were never innocent.